Allow.bro why is not?Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.OhHello.Hello.Oh yeah, also like, remember how sometimes we have noise.So further response like a further both direction and distance.We only do stuff when both of them are filled.Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then probably like for distance of you.to be too big. So for example, we also don't allow you to be bigger than say.Yeah, just in case the user actually stayed 10 meters.Oh damn you works now. What? Oh you got it.They're behind me.What the fuck?Okay, they can attack with the fuck.That's a good thing. They detect what the fuck. Okay, they can attackI think it's okay now.Oh, if I run here.We have aAnd... Oh...I am here, I have to say.Yeah.Alright, I'm just making changes here then. Um, I'm gonna call you later.Alright, call your current. Alright, yeah. Alright.Hello, can you hear me?Hello, can you hear me?Hello. Okay, good.Hey, Curry. Um, 10I'm missing.We're not very good.Hey, Curry, can you take me to the front left?for three meters.Hey Curry, can you take me to the front for 3 meters?I think it's easy. Ah, yeah.You can go to the right for 3 meters.Curry, go to ride for three meters.OhOh, I see. I'm dumb.I had a trailing karma.to your response. So I'll say why don't you put you all in the wrong format.Did you get to the wrong thing? Okay, now everything should work.Yeah, there was a bug and I don't know why and I push it butCurry moved to the front for 30 meters.Ta-da!Sir, okay, it's here.So now that that's there, that works. Now we just need to export it into the other one.We just need to export the JSON file to the order. Or the dictionary.Longer Jason Phil. Yeah, I already read it. Um, soYeah.I'm wondering if that commands again. Oh, um...Very walk left 10 feet.Oh yeah, or I use 10 meters but I don't know if we can do it.I walk left 10 minutes.Thank you.I say Curry, that's a special word to initialize.Wow, curry walk left 10 meters.Yeah, it's like what? That's things, you're zero zero.Yeah, okay. Okay. And then...But I think I'm not this too.I think I need to take it out.I've done most of the code but I don't have it fully tested yet.It's pretty simple. I just when I importedThat's A-Sync. No, I also imported the decision file.And then I use this thing to...Pretty much. It takes whatever it takes.and distance. Yeah. Alright, so here, yeah, this is the movement.seconds I guess a millisecond better the timing for it. Yeah, it was.What the response is from the NISIN page and then if you've printed it,And then if it's a different response or if the response is changed,way, then it's going to update the value to whatever the response is using this function.So this JSON movement function just separates the direction and distance.and turns it into x and y coordinates just using the math dot close and math dot.Okay.So then after that it's gonna go to again and then once it's gone to the super secondIt's going to go to this function which is going to use the asynchronous weight once I canwhich should wait one second and then update the X and Y value.and close the loop. But I haven't used Aston's Aston.So I don't know if this is going to return zero like this or it's justand non-objects or something. Yeah, but then that's it.the X and Y value and then stings should start moving in...But right now it's saying there's no open up.Oh, uh, probably.I don't know if it's because I was running the other three at once.because you're run away. You're okay.So it's yeah.The issue is thatYeah, this is how you do it. Okay.Where did you use decision in theThat's how I got the response out of it. Okay, so basically...Basically they want, they are checking on config upin the root folder.So...You are using it outside.Yeah, yeah, I know because they're checking in that mold. Yeah, so I mean just I probablyDo you play K? ActuallyI guess just do click here one. I'll say. Just copy this and put it there.I need to make a duplicate.Hmm. Hey.Oh, you actually took a paste.Okay. So now you're sure.Try it.Oh yeah, wow yeah into chin sound director stuffOh, right. Well, how is it? Well, how is that going to work? Because we use it.This thing needs to run like I don't know.be interested in that is where you have to run this and you're running like anotherI don't know this one he's running this in the background andThat's why I think the oil use on this computer.Yeah, I don't know how else how else you're supposed to get that like what you mean only runCan you show me where the robotics has control?Oh, where is the movement? Ah, yee, oh wow.Where do you take the J.S. output?Yeah, where did you take the DJ sign? But, yeah, see you.That was... I just wanted to use thefrom the decision and just take whatever is in the decision now and then keep track ofI'm just keep saying whatever is in this agenda.Is there any ways that you import this file into this issue?If I do that, can I change the x value and y value in the data?And then would that be your plan to hear? I don't think so. I'll think you like, you just ride up.function and then export from here into decision. The decision just passed you theand then we can say, right, right.Well, how would you... Because like here, like this? YeahPart is the code that makes the robot move itself. Yeah. It's updating these X.Yeah, so do you think we can I guessover there but like they're in thisLike I'm sure this is yolo bnb8 and dot ptHow's that interaction? Yeah, but like,We still use it, but just like import it into like not notCoffee paste and put it there but just inquiry also functionOh.Okay, let me see.I'm going to give it to you. I'm going to give it to you. I'm going to give it to you.I think you can go take a break. Yeah.Um.Wait, so where did you take the Jason file to connect it with theX and Y. Oh, that's a movement. I assume. Okay, Jason to move. Okay.Alright, I'll ask the tragedy for that.Okay, you know how this works?Yeah. Yeah. The main thing is.Okay.And battery is champion. I don't know. The battery is so...I mean worst case, we'll just charge it right again for a night.This is all that.So that post is done right?There are some answers that not just the questions, but I know too. And just as John said,I want to ask you what my project is. This will be a great project.I'm going to show you.He's not going to wake up.Yes. The user interest is going on here. It's just like...Thank you.I'm here to find what the city is going to do.I didn't mean this is a slap.Okay, all right. I mean, I mean, this goes the idea with you.So, so right now I um is a possible that like forOkay, so I'm still thinking to impart the function tohave those movement function and thenSo I'm thinking that like each time you have a movement command, that's the way.And then each time you just add a cue, that cue.And then it's time to have some movement and interaction.a lot with a rover than the cause of thesuch function in the robotic pie or something like that.If it's like move to like for example.Wow, like move and then you passing like direction and distance.This move function will be located or as soon as we will be located in the room.SoYeah, that's why I'm thinking. I also noticed that there are some initializations.So maybe we can make it into like a floss.Yeah, so you want me to make a class for that would just keepNo, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, noThere are some steps where you can do in this, like something that's where theRight? Am I right?Um, I think it's in this file.Yeah, whatever these things are but to be honest you can make this entire thingor I'm not too sure how it's structured.These are all attributes, I guess, definitely.to a class and then the expires on my value or everyone.We can make into a class, just class robot and then they have an emit.One function, say move that takes aim like this.I think this pastRight now then. Yeah, then we can pass across.the inter-that decision. That decision is only.So I cannot think of any ways to likeThank you. To invite other place.Actually, it's the latest change on this computer like on the computer.Yeah, no, I didn't I didn't always okay you can do it laterUm, hmm, well, I can do it now. I don't know why I'm like,complete then you can upload it. So when you were talking about that,class. Did you want to umEven a movement class, if I were to say set,My value to this and get x, y value that current class.No, it's mainly like those I don't really care because I those you can do in someYou can even use like a private function or whatever.The things that I think are in this, for example, you'veEvery time you move the bar, you probably won't call like, like,I, for example, there are some commands where...Controller does start each time you want to move something I assumeSo there's something just like one in it once. Global.and just like putting that in the class and then just have one function. That's like,Because that's the only thing we are doing.with the bot. You can have some other functions for sure.But we are not using them. We don't really need to read anything.From from from from the rope, uh, robot class just should have a move.Yeah, so all right. Okay, so from thepretty much setting all the defaults. Yeah. That's not that important.The key part is that you are in like a death move.in the function, I'm just going to probably say like, stuff like that.Do you want me to set the speed for a certain amount of time?turn off or just set speed. What it means for us to come on.for like, for set this speed, wait one second and then turn this speed off.I like, I set the speed so that I don't move for a second and then stop.but after that until you're seeing the next one. Oh, what? Why is it so long?second like can't just move there with a constant speed oh wellIt doesn't have like x and y positions right it doesn't want to stop exceptAlright. Cause you have to tell the robot when to...For example, if we expect oneOkay, so how about this like one meter? It's one second. Yeah, then we can justThe past of distance of second is a work I need.And then we just say for the amount of it will just it will waitI suck the speed and then I will keep that speed for the distance that I need to.against the needs to be going. Yeah. And then it will stop after that. OK. Yeah.All right, yeah. I'm going to be there.I'm always going to be a person that's going to be a man. I'm always going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man that's going to be a man thatI don't know why I'm not in the way.Thank you.That's funny.function or what it looks like where I think it has a built-in time-off function which wouldSo it should all be in the middle.Reasonable speed that's fine. Yeah, so what I did was I just set these to thethe degrees of where so these are just period directionand then the movement or the distance says how long it's going to be going for us. So that just turns into it.And that's what I was waiting for. And then yeah, I hopeYeah, if the time out works like that, then after that's over, it should go to zero and everything.The only thing that is key is that the cameraFunction was called on every iteration so that nowHe's being called in the main method. So it's instantiated here. But he's not.the camera method in order to keep refreshing.Every single time.Let me see. What if you make the camera like a separate function and then you can see the screen.While we're playing the decision, we can just call it. I'm glad that works.We could like the camera and try it.Well, this is the only time he says he wants tovideo and then I think this is just updating the camera every single time.So.Yeah, so you need to instantiate the robot in order to instantiate the camera.but then once you, I guess we can also just instantiate like we instantiate.Remember when the robot starts, when the robot classes and stages it.We would just have to have a separate function that calls the camera. It's yours. Wait, let me see it.Um, uh, I share.have a separate function called maybe camera and then like in our decisions whileThen you can just call you each time. Yeah, well, that's the only idea I have right now.I mean, it's not even, I think you don't even need to, it's not assigned to the...to the roadside because it's just a camera right yeah in no wayDoes it describe like the, is it import anywhere?It must come from all here. So there already is a function forYeah, it's just reading the image and then oh, then Isigning the box this year. So yeah so so I think it's like for eachIt's your friend. You just... Yeah, I think I... I think you can...to like put it into like separate function.Oh, do you want to put it in my bed? Yeah.All right, well that'd be good. Put it there? Yeah, yeah, no, it makes sense.Yeah, robot.cam.Well, I don't think I would just move the ball.and then uh...Yeah.No further walk.That was right.Alright.I finished the code.I'm just going to copy and paste this code in the discord.I'm going to have to sleep.Yeah, I need it.Hey, everything. Sometimes.been hours so yeah yeah sorry sorry yeah no hours let me toss aOh, right.Okay so the way this code was was that very good?Yeah, yeah, I think curse. Yeah, we can take a look at it.That was... It's still getting cold.Yeah, I see. Oh, he put the costumes in here.Sorry, I'm not too familiar with how to use pythons.And then just do it over at I trust you.I feel like if I have a slide to donate, there will still beBe sauerkert.Thanks, you're welcome. Bye-bye. I'll be back.So, six something, six 40 something like that.Yes, I'm not... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, noI woke up to someone else. I have some other team. Wake up.I'm around. I was like, I guess I should help too.I'm sorry.I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm deadI'll get it again.I'll give it around.Get pull from him.And then I scan over the way that he is.and the robot I think, I told him to do it as a class. I think it was a great time.but I probably not have a class in it. Do you want to try like, just have a class and then...the hrb-desession.py Give me a second, so it looks like umOkay, so it looks like a um, I get pulled doesn't work becauseIt would remove some changes that we've made from decision.pyus.branch then just do the merge request.Do you want to like, uh, yeah, I can help you with something like that. Not so good. I should be far from that. Yeah, probably. Uh, I can't.Okay, good branch.and was this branch nameand last night's I didn'tThank you for watching.Thank you for watching.